Palestinians in Gaza continue to suffer
with not enough to eat in many cases
nothing at all two months ago the United
Nations warned that by February the
people of Gaza could face imminent risk
of
famine on Tuesday the security Council
was told that is exactly what is
happening and here we are at the end of
February with at least
576,000 people people in Gaza one
quarter of the
population one step away from famine
with one in six children under two years
of age in Northern Gaza suffering from
acute
malnutrition the UN said they are
working to restart food delivery to
Northern
Gaza this is an absolute humanitarian
imperative the staff on our convoys
witnessed catastrophic conditions in the
north food and clean water are scars Mal
nutrition is soaring and the Sease is
R while the UN is hesitant to explicitly
say Palestinians are dying of hunger
it's becoming increasingly clear that it
cannot be
denied what we're witnessing in Gaza
right now is the mass killing of
children in slow motion There is almost
no food left and nothing is getting to
them and children are being starved
while trucks of food are literally
sitting just a few miles away waiting to
get in and we know that this is
happening largely because of Israel
bombardment and restrictions that are
preventing the safe delivery of
humanitarian Aid including food Aid here
at the security Council even the United
States encouraged Israel to do more we
urge Israel to keep border crossings
open for humanitarian Aid to enter Gaza
to facilitate the opening of additional
Crossings to meet humanitarian needs at
scale and to support the Rapid Safe
delivery of relief items to vulnerable
people in all of Gaza the UN continues
to say to avoid a famine there needs to
be an immediate ceasefire but the US
continues to block any draft resolutions
that call for that the meeting is
adjourned Gabriel zando Al jazer at the
United Nations in New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer